###ID: 104 \---

Every Child is special...but, ‘so is every mother’. Regardless of the amount
of money you accumulate, the height of success you attain, or the fame that
your name earns, you will always remain your mom’s child, and you will remain
indebted to her for all the love she gave you, for all the blessings she
showered upon you, for all the sacrifices she made for you.

[![Mother's Day Image](http://blog.picovico.com/wp-
content/uploads/2012/05/mothers_day.png)](http://bit.ly/pv-happy-mother-day)

A mother plays myriad of roles in our lives, which can’t really be put down in
a sheet of paper. She is a gentle touch, a soft lullaby, a pillar of strength,
an epitome of love, a friend, a confidante, and everything beautiful that
comes with life. It is rightly said, “God could not be everywhere, so he (it)
created mothers.” How very true this is.

At some point of time in life, every child feels the need to thank his/her
mother for everything she does. You probably recall all the blissful moments
that you have shared with your mother, and you know deep down how grateful you
are to her for being there for you, every day. But, it is very much likely
that you have not been able to express those emotions, those feelings, those
sentiments to your mother. This is very natural, but we are here to help you
show your gratitude to your mother.

This Mother’s Day, do something special for her, and let her know what she
means to you. Thank her with a personalized video that she can treasure for
life. Collect some pictures of you and her and that lovely childhood being
bestowed with love from her, blend it with some lovely music and create a
lifetime memory in the form of a video for the special woman in your life.

And this is not the end of it. We understand what mothers mean to all of us.
So, to make the day even more special, we have a deal for you. Make the best
possible video on the theme of motherhood, share it on our official [facebook
page](http://www.facebook.com/picovico) and you can be the lucky one to win a
free upgrade to the premium account in [Picovico](http://www.picovico.com/).

And yes, do not forget to share your videos with us, we would love to see them
:)

Happy Mother’s Day!

-written on : 2012-05-10 12:12:10

