###ID: 598 \---

[![google io](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/google-
io.jpg)](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/google-
io.jpg)

Every year in San Francisco, Google organizes an event entirely focused on the
developer. The event started in 2008 was named as **Google I/O** where "I" and
"O" stand for input/output, and _"Innovation in the Open"_.

[Google I/O](https://developers.google.com/events/io/) features highly
technical, in-depth sessions focused on building web, mobile, and enterprise
applications with [Google](http://www.google.com) and open web technologies
such as Android, Chrome, Chrome OS, Google APIs, Google Web Toolkit, App
Engine, and more.

The most exciting thing about this event is that, Google giveaways its latest
gadgets in making to the attendees and this time the attendees are expecting
to lay their hands on Google Glass. Amazingly, even the tickets gets sold out
within minutes of its opening and this time It took only 49 minutes for all
the $900 (or $300 for school students and faculty) tickets to get sold out,
even with the added requirement that registrants must have both Google+ and
Google Wallet accounts.

Google I/O event organized in countries outside USA is known by the name
[Google I/O Extended](https://developers.google.com/events/io/io-extended).
I/O Extended programming includes everything from live streaming the Google
I/O content to local developer demos, hackathons, and speaker sessions. This
year too, the Google I/O event is being organized at various locations across
the world.

In Nepal, the event is being organized by [Google Developers’
Group](https://plus.google.com/104003514155874791868/posts) with support from
[Picovico](http://www.picovico.com) Inc. Google Developers’ Group is a local
partner of Google in Nepal. It includes a group of developers and Google
technology enthusiasts from around Kathmandu valley, Nepal, sharing  ideas,
experiences and organizing various events and meetups. Picovico Inc, is a San
Francisco based company originated in Nepal. Picovico, where pico stands for
photos or pictures and vico stands for videos, is a tool for converting photos
into video slideshows with music and texts co-created by Manish Modi and Suraj
Sapkota.

I/O Extended in Kathmandu will be held at Karkhana, Gyaneshwor, on 15th of
May, from 8:30 pm on wards where developers from the valley will have an all
night **hackathon** and sessions where they will share ideas and experiences
on **technology** and hold discussion on **current scenario in IT** sector in
Nepal. Its an **open event** so everybody is invited. Regular updates during
the event could be obtained on Twitter via
[#io13](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23io13&src=typd) and
[#io13ktm](http://twitter.com/search/realtime?q=%23io13ktm&src=typd).

For more info SMS **GoogleIO** to 4001

-written on : 2013-05-12 14:53:55

