###ID: 177 \--- [Picovico](http://www.picovico.com) is all about
[Expression](http://www.picovico.com/blog/have-a-story-express.html) and in
what language can you express better than your own. Picovico had moved to
Santiago [as a part of Startup Chile](http://www.picovico.com/blog/picovico-
is-now-a-part-of-start-up-chile.html) 2 months ago with bigger dreams and
hopes. And we were overwhelmed by the exquisite beauty of this place and
people around, the moment we arrived. We see that everyone here cherish the
beauty of their country, love taking photos and  Bingo! As we expected,
Picovico could stand as the best medium for them to share those photos.  But,
there was a language barrier as the native language here is Spanish and
Picovico was available in English only. We thought, people might not relate
with it so well (adding more to the reason is the literal meaning of "Pico" in
Spanish! :P ). So, the good news; We launched an exclusive website
"[picvic.cl](http://www.picvic.cl/en/home)" for Chile. Now, when we started
with one language, we got a hang of this idea of making Picovico available for
all the countries in their native languages. How cool it would be to have a
personalized video and that too in your own language. Japanese was just to
start with! With this Picovico is now available in 3 languages
([English](http://www.picovico.com/en/home),
[Spanish](http://www.picovico.com/es/home) and
[Japanese](http://www.picovico.com/jp/home)). We want to thank all the
volunteers for helping us make Picovico available to their native countries.
We'll soon be extending our support to more countries. We'd love to discuss
our existing translations or have suggestions on a [future
translation](http://www.picovico.com/volunteers). Along with this, we have
recently crossed **300,000 photos** uploads. We hope that you keep loving
Picovico and we continue to touch the lives of people in the days to come :)
We are also coming up with some more awesome features. Will let ya all know
soon when we are done with it. Till then, Keep using Picovico and Happy
Holidays! -written on : 2012-12-15 09:47:04

