###ID: 376 \--- [![](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/03/powerpoint_video.png)](http://www.picovico.com/blog
/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/powerpoint_video.png) **P**owerpoint presentation
tools is taken as an effective tool for presenting your ideas. Its convenient
and easy to use too. But then, sometimes it gets so boring with the use of
just  bullets and pointers. How about adding a video to your presentation. Its
a great presentation tools to grab attention and also a good place to include
lots of pictures. You can use videos from [Picovico](http://www.picovico.com)
to add in that extra special finishing touch to your regular presentations.
Some of the greatest  advantages of using Picovico videos is that its [easy to
make](http://www.picovico.com/blog/how-to-make-a-video.html) and download
absolutely free of cost. **So here’s how you can embed videos from Picovico:**
******1\. Download: **You can download your videos from your Picovico account
directly into mp4 format to your computer. Open the video you want to download
and goto “Video Settings” just above the video screen. Click on “Download” and
save the video on your computer. [![](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/03/picovico_download.png)](http://www.picovico.com/blog
/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/picovico_download.png) **2\. Inserting videos into
PowerPoint:** After you have downloaded the video you want to insert it in
your presentation, open your presentation file. Then go to “Insert” tab in the
menu bar. There you will find “Movie” at the right end. Choose the “movie from
file” option and insert your previously downloaded video from Picovico.
![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/7bml2nb8_w4vxIKbMmgmn62ESepuASdtHUgKo7IO
3_vyjVnaSbgmUUZSnwNOPq9uYM4Oztjo_Bq2Hikf3Z5v12sxqIaVYs7gjmuATHm-
jh3bJpeZqBv4jmfVeToj9B2c2Q) Picovico videos can prove as one of the strong
presentation tools. Addition of a simple video to a good presentation will
surely make it a better one. Now, go on and dazzle your audiences with your
presentation. -written on : 2013-03-01 18:35:42

