###ID: 259 \--- [![valentine gifts ](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/Picovico_valentine0.png)](http://www.picovico.com/blog
/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/Picovico_valentine0.png) Have you thought about
what your gift is going to be for your beloved one this Valentine’s day? Are
chocolates, teddy bears and roses going to be enough? This could be very well
be a big question mark for most of us! You try and want to be different every
time on such occasions, anxious enough to look out for that special way to
impress your someone special. Nevertheless, it ends up with same ol' regular
ways of presenting the regular gifts. Have you ever thought of using a picture
slideshow as a gift to express your true feelings for the special one? Yes,
right! [Picovico](http://www.picovico.com) gives you an opportunity to express
your love the coolest way this Valentine’s day. Its fast, its easy and its
Personal!. Picovico is free online software to turn your beautiful pictures
into awesome videos. Materials that you will require to make a perfect **Gift
Video** are: **1\. Set of photographs:**

Everyone always have a set of photographs of their loved ones with them and
few more pictures of hearts, flowers, and candles with romantic lines. And you
are ready with first of requirement.

[![valentine's day](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/11.jpg)](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/11.jpg)

**2\. A story line:**

[![valentines day](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/21.jpg)](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/21.jpg)

[![valentine's day](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/3.jpg)](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/3.jpg)

After you have sorted the pictures you can create a story line, may be
something romantic. For example if you are proposing in Valentine’s day, write
something special and romantic and the very end you can express you love with
“I love you”, at the end. You can send in messages with it like”will you be my
Valentine?”

**3\. Music:**

[![valentines day](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/42.jpg)](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2013/02/42.jpg)

Who does not love music? Is that even a question? Everybody has their
favorite. You can add music from the already available Picovico music library
or you can import your own songs or instrumentals that your beloved one loves
to listen. Music helps to set the feel of the video and makes it quite
effective than just a set of pictures put together. Now be ready to prepare an
awesome gift for the Valentine’s Day. Picovico allows you to choose the theme
for your video, arrange the sorted pictures, and then add the music. A good
setting of course helps you to convey you message, don’t let the environment
disturb you and your loved one (deciding the right time and place to play it
remain in our hand). Here is the one we made:  Don’t waste your time thinking
for anything extra this valentine’s day, just go for Picovico. Celebrate this
Valentine's Day the PV way! -written on : 2013-02-12 18:44:09

