###ID: 807 \--- On April 1, one of our friends leaked the news that we, along
with another few, were being acquired by Google. You guessed it right- a prank
obviously. But the write-up he put up in his blog actually made few people
believe it and they ended up calling us asking about the valuation. Later, the
same day, we ran the news that our Android app-[Picovico Slideshow
Maker](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.picovico.android)
crossed the 50,000 installs mark on Play store. And as expected nobody
believed it- thanks to the date again. [caption id="attachment_808"
align="aligncenter" width="766" caption="Our free Android app that lets you
make slideshows instantly has crossed 50K installs on Play Store."][![Picovico
Slideshow Maker on Android](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/cover-50k.png)](http://www.picovico.com/blog/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/cover-50k.png)[/caption] But things happened a bit
interestingly. We were monitoring the install stats and as soon as we realized
the figure has crossed the 50K mark according to our calculations, we shared
the news. Â However what we missed was that to get this figure reflected in the
Playstore it takes a little time. And whoever cross-checked the news thought
that we were trying to fool them again. And the next day when things are
reflected everywhere officially, they started congratulating us. So, it took
us some efforts to convince people around us about the news. April fool's day
do backfire sometimes. Anyways on a little serious note, we would like to
thank all our app users who tried our service and gave us constructive
feedback along the way. Based on the latest ones, we're updating our app in 3
days with some new features and bug fixes. Do experience the [updated version]
(https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.picovico.android&rdid=com.p
icovico.android) and as always let us know how you feel about it. Your awesome
pictures deserve a life, relive them with a #Picovico.   -written on :
2015-04-03 06:34:10

